VIDEO #1 - PHASE 3 INFO
========================

Aaron's information for Phase 3 ("The authentic failure story —
apps + videos didn't get users, thought of giving up, value
section for the viewer").

Raw information only. Editor to interpret and structure.


IMPORTANT FRAMING NOTE
----------------------
Aaron pushes back on the idea of ONE dramatic "almost gave up"
moment. For him, low moments are recurring, not singular. This
whole phase is philosophical rather than narrative. The editor
should expect thoughts, not a story with a climax.


ON LOW MOMENTS (his words)
--------------------------
"There were always plenty of low moments. Times where I felt
lost, times where I felt like I was not good enough (to be
honest that's kind of cap). The times when I felt not good
enough was when I got stressed from a deadline which I had
not done the work for.

However, in terms of low moments, these always come. We humans
are cyclical beings, but the ultimate reality is that if you
have a north star which always guides you — the north star
always comes back and you just need to keep treasuring that
north star. This mentality has proven true to me so many times.

I think the greats are just able to bounce back from the
negative side of themselves much faster than the common man.
That is simply the difference between a great man and a
common man."


WHAT ACTUALLY TRIGGERS THE LOW FEELINGS (his words)
---------------------------------------------------
Not flopped launches. Not any single failure. The real trigger
is absence of clarity.

"Tons of flopped launches, scary insurmountable goals — the
biggest ones for me which always get me is a lack of clarity
for the why behind my actions, as well as a general insight
into the overall direction.

To be honest right now I still do not know where I am heading,
but I can see a why for my actions, and this has been pushing
me really well over the last few days. And plenty of times
over the last year."


THE PATTERN AARON NOTICED (his words)
-------------------------------------
Pivoting too quickly.

"Yes, I noticed more at LINQ — I am really good at pivoting
but pivoting too quickly. I am now changing this.

I myself suffer with screen time, so I know the problem and
I do care about this problem. Now leaning more into making
an impact in this space is so much more exciting than trying
to achieve a monetary outcome.

If a business springs from it, then so be it. A business may
not be the best form for me to create a positive impact in a
space which allows me to go to bed fulfilled and wake up
excited.

There is still plenty that I want to accomplish and plenty I
want to achieve, so ScrollBuddy may not be the last thing I
do, but I am sticking with it for much longer and much more
intentfully this time. So let's see what happens."


WHAT "GIVING UP" WOULD ACTUALLY LOOK LIKE (his words)
-----------------------------------------------------
Not quitting startups. Not getting a corporate job. Something
much more specific:

"I think giving up would have been just rotting away. Not
trying anymore at life. Scrolling away, chasing immediate
dopamine and gratification. Not willing to do the hard things
now for a better future.

That's what giving up is to me — and who the hell would want
to choose a life like that."

(Note for editor: this definition ties directly to what
ScrollBuddy as a product is fighting against. The doom-
scrolling Aaron is trying to end in others is literally his
own definition of giving up on himself.)


WHAT PULLS AARON BACK (his words)
---------------------------------
An idealised future version of himself.

"I always am pulled to this idealised and yet not envisioned
best version of myself. Almost like a maxed-out game character
in all domains. That version of me is my north star and I am
always being guided by it. Somehow I always return to this
naive optimistic outlook and eventually return to being able
to do the inputs."


THE VALUE LESSON FOR THE VIEWER (his words)
-------------------------------------------
This is the piece of direct advice Aaron wants to leave with
anyone at the edge of quitting.

"This is what not giving up looks like: it's not going to work
like you imagined. You won't be the crazy big important figure
you wanted to be in 1 or 2 — maybe even 3 or 4 or 5 years.
But that's fine.

The more years it takes, the more you get to build your
character and become a true philosopher king, rather than
being a likely character who will get corrupted by the power
once they attain it.

That's my lesson."


=====
END
=====
